hey guys so I'm going to be showing you
guys some really cool things I've been
getting from the thrift store this is
probably a combination of from two
different visits I like to go there on
Saturdays because they have half off
it's already cheap anyways but there's a
certain place in my town where if I go
to that good will they always have
really good stuff um yeah so I'm really
excited to show you guys some of the
stuff I have got and so yeah let's get
right into it so the first thing I've
gotten for these pair of shorts I really
need some shorts I like facial rec
sport versus like more something that's
not comfy I guess anyways and I don't
want them to meet your short these look
like they're really short but they're
not that short and they're actually from
abercrombie and fitch they're really
cute I need to iron this part down on it
but I think I got these for they were
seven dollars and I got them for 350 so
yeah that was it still the next thing I
bought for these shorts they're from old
navy and they i cuffed them some um
they're cute they just look like this
they are darker wash I really like dark
wash they look a little bit nicer and
then I probably won't cut it that much
so yeah and then the front just looks
like this it's just plain very basic
it's cute I like them a lot and these
were I think these were a little bit
more they originally 9 and I got him for
like 45 or 50 something like that so
yeah these are really nice the next
thing I got were these pair of shorts
and they're just blew comfy they're just
caught in I think it's fun
yeah they're just caught in and they're
actually from american eagle i love
these shorts i am going to have their
supposed to be cuffed so i am gonna have
to iron them and will cuff it and then
iron it and I think these ended up
coming out to be like 350 after these
were amazing the next thing I got were
these shorts I don't know I was kind of
iffy on them I don't really do design or
anything but I thought they were cute
they're also from american eagle and
then they just have like these little
pockets these little buttons on the back
and then this little like zipper right
here and then they have like little pink
detailing every way and i think these
were originally 10 but um i got them for
five so that's not why i love tank tops
I got this it's laced it has stripes on
it has grey stripes and that's kind of
like a floral lace on it it's really
cute I think I ended up getting this I
don't know what brand this is I think
it's just xxxx I I don't know maybe
forever 21 but I ended up getting it for
two bucks so yeah that's nice and then
the next thing i got was this shirt it's
from and to love them I don't know but
it's cute um you tie it in the back and
then it has like this pretty floral
detailing right here on it and then it
has like these little buttons in the
front so
I like this a lot I think it's really
pretty and I think this one ended up
being about four dollars and then this
one's really cute I got this one and it
was um I guess xhilaration target so
this one's really cute and then on the
back it has just like this zipper and it
does go up and down but it doesn't go
that low you can see it just like that
but I wouldn't submit down anyways so
and then on the side it has like this
and it's got like the little triangles I
really like this I might wear it more in
the fall but it's cute for summer too I
think and then I got this um mint
colored tank top and it's from banana
republic it's cute it's just basic it's
kind of flowy it's kind of big on me but
I don't mind I like really comfy stuff
so yeah I think this ended up being like
two dollars and then I think this one's
a look really pretty it's a little bit
different it kind of reminds me of like
Middle Ages type thing but i really like
it it has all of this lace it has a lace
on the back and then it has like these
pretties little wood buttons on it and
then it has lace on the front and then
it's not something i'll wear all the
time but i thought it was really cute
and i think this one was like 350 and
then the last thing as far as clothing
items go and I've already warned this
one because it's just really cute um
it's more of a men's t-shirt I know it
what's those French oldins is frenched
scheduled yeah that's not a word um I
got this and I just tie it it's um think
it's a men's shirt if it buttons this
way now this is a girl shirt because if
it buttons that way to the left and
these are on top then it's adventure if
it goes to the other side of yep so um
and it's rubbish I don't know what that
is but it's cute super super comfy and I
like
is a lot and then I got a few other
things they are just these little glass
jars and i will use them just to
decorate maybe i'll put soap in it and
just put like a little dispenser on top
I think that's cute and then I got a
bigger one I was looking for the blue
one but they only had the clear ones so
i may feel it with something or put
lights in it don't know but i thought it
was really cute or i got this little jar
and i'm just going to put like flowers
in it or something and put it on my
coffee table because i also got this i
really like it it's on to go on my
coffee table um I need to dust it but
it's just to go on my coffee table and
I'll probably put flowers a little book
and a candle or something this was like
I think it came out to be two dollars so
yeah super cheap and I think this says
it's from that's home goods yeah I think
that's what it is anyways so yeah I like
this a lot so the last thing I got and
this was from home goods it actually had
the tag on it um that it was like brand
new and I got this for 250 it's this
super cute um pillow and i will just put
it on my couch because i need some more
colorful pillows and it's not super
bright so yeah I like this a lot yeah I
really like everything i got from
goodwill um I probably shouldn't go back
any time soon because I got a lot of
stuff so thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you guys have a great
day and I'll see you next time